# bad-roofers-inc
A website dedicated to exposing the bad workmanship of Lancashire Roofing Limited featuring Lee Schofield and Will Smith.

Back in March 2022, both Lee Schofield (from Euxton) and Will Smith (from Leyland) were hired through the company of Lancashire Roofing Limited. They were hired to do a full re-roof including plastic work. To this date the property is left with an unfinished roof, which is both poor quality and has hazardous improperly secured lead work. They were given several chances to fix the issues, so it should be noted that the current roof is with "corrected" workmanship. In most cases, instead of fixing the issues, they did their best to hide the issues. Both photographic and video evidence is available of this. Three roofing companies have examined and given reports confirming the work is of extremely poor quality, with sections being hazardous to the occupants. 

Lancashire Roofing Limited were originally hired by a neighbour to do a re-roof. Lee Schofield and Will Smith were very friendly and easy to approach. The pair were local with Lee Schofield being from Euxton and Will Smith being from Leyland. It was assumed with them being local that they'd be less likely to try and rip us off. We were wrong. From a distance it looked as though they had done a good job. Their speed for a two man team seemed admirably. It was only at a later date, when the work was inspected closer, that this speed was attributed to bad practices and the cutting of corners. 
